Add info around channel movement (#597)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/channel.mdx

| default_forum_layout?               | ?integer                                                            | The default [layout](#forum-layout-type) of a forum channel                                                                                                                          | Forum                                  |
| default_sort_order?                 | ?integer                                                            | The default [sort order](#sort-order-type) of a thread-only channel's threads                                                                                                        | Forum, Media                           |
| default_tag_setting?                | ?string                                                             | The default [tag setting](#search-tag-setting) of a thread-only channel (default `match_some`)                                                                                       | Forum, Media                           |

> | flags?                              | ?integer                                                            | The [channel's flags](#channel-flags) (only `IS_SPOILER_CHANNEL` can be set)                                                                                                         | All                                    |

Reviewer: most likely more than just spoiler can be set

Author: > most likely more than just spoiler can be set

I tried passing all of the other modifiable flags, and all of the others got silently dropped from the payload

<Alert type="info">

Only channels to be modified are required. For accurate sorting, the following conventions are recommended when modifying channels, but they are not required or enforced by the API.

- When moving a category, you should include every category in the guild.
- When moving an uncategorized channel, you should include every relevant uncategorized channel.
- When moving a channel within the same category, you should include every relevant channel in that category.

> - When moving a channel into a category, you should include every channel in the target category. This also applies when the target category is `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When moving a channel into a category, you should include every relevant channel in the target category. This also applies when the target category is `null`.
```
that's my bad...

<Alert type="info">

Only channels to be modified are required. The following conventions are recommended when modifying channels, but they are not required or enforced by the API.

- When moving a category, you should include every category in the guild.
- When moving an uncategorized channel, you should include every uncategorized channel in the guild.
- When moving a channel within the same category, you should include every channel in that category.
- When moving a channel out of a category, you should include every uncategorized channel in the guild. The `parent_id` field should be set to `null`.

> - When moving a channel into a category or to a different category, you should include every channel in the target category. The `parent_id` field should be set to the target category's ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only channels to be modified are required. For accurate sorting, the following conventions are recommended when modifying channels, but they are not required or enforced by the API.

- When moving a category, you should include every category in the guild.
- When moving an uncategorized channel, you should include every relevant uncategorized channel.
- When moving a channel within the same category, you should include every relevant channel in that category.
- When moving a channel into a category, you should include every channel in the target category. This also applies when the target category is `null`.

A relevant channel is defined as one in the same sorting bucket. For example, text, news, and forum channels are sorted together, and voice and stage channels are sorted together. The latter are always shown below the former, so they are not relevant when sorting, and vice versa.
```

Only channels to be modified are required.

> - When moving categories, you should include every category in the guild.

Reviewer: these are, for the most part, just client behavior and not actually required to perform these operations

- When moving uncategorized channels, you should include every uncategorized channel in the guild.
- When moving channels within the same category, you should include every channel in that category.
- When moving a channel out of a category, you should include every uncategorized channel in the guild. `parent_id` should be set to `null`.
- When moving a channel into a category or to a different category, you should include every channel in the target category. `parent_id` should be set to the target category's ID.

</Alert>

<Alert type="info">

> In the Discord client, voice and stage channels are always displayed below other channel types. This constraint is not enforced by the API, meaning special care must be taken in order to prevent any unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: should probably also mention that sorting falls back from position -> id on collision unless this is already mentioned somewhere

Author: ~~is the sort by ID in ASC or DESC order?~~ Nvm, it's probably just ASC

Reviewer: iirc it's ascending, following position
